+++
title = 'testcontainers 102'
date = 2024-09-22
draft = true
description = "testing: the real deal??"
tags = [
    "go",
    "testing",
]
categories = [
    "go",
    "testing",
    "testcontainers",
]
series = ["testcontainers"]
toc = true
url = "/posts/testcontainers_102"
+++

alright. so the last post was a simple introduction to testcontainers: what are they, how to set it up, how to run a couple integration tests against a database... it was quite good for an introduction, but there were of course things missing.

<!--more-->

this means that basically i have been playing around with them some more and i've decided to i. make some changes on the setup and the structure, ii. add more scenarios to the test. and now if i look back, well, don't ever look back at the code you've written. it'll look like shit.

### if you're running rancher desktop it's too late part 2

before anything else: running testcontainers on rancher desktop it's starting to bother the shit out of me. sometimes they spin up perfectly. sometimes they are stuck and for whatever reason decide not to run, make me waste my time and then timeout after a couple of minutes.

[i've read the issue multiple times back and forth](https://github.com/rancher-sandbox/rancher-desktop/issues/2609) and i still don't understand what is going on. moral of the story? why the fuck are we using macOS?

i've had no issue running them on my fedora laptop so my approach for now is just to stop using the mac when i want to have some cool ass testcontainers on my project.







